c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\obj\Debug\InBytesBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\miprasad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InBytesBot\InBytesBot\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
